• Prerelease Step 0: Olympic testnet - launched May 2015
• Release Step One: Frontier - launched 30 July 2015
• Release Step Two: Homestead - launches 14 March 2016 (Pi Day)
• Release Step Three: Metropolis - TBA
• Release Step Four: Serenity - TBA


------------

Smart contracts

Would you enter in a contract with someone you’ve never met? Would you agree to lend money to some farmer in
Ethiopia? Would you become an investor in a minority-run newspaper in a war zone? Would you go to the hassle
of writing up a legal binding contract for a $5 dollar purchase over the internet?
The answer is no for most of these questions, the reason being that a contract requires a large infrastructure:
sometimes you need a working trust relationship between the two parties, sometimes you rely on a working legal
system, police force and lawyer costs.
In Ethereum you don’t need any of that: if all the requisites to the contract can be put in the blockchain then they
will, in a trustless environment for almost no cost.
Instead of thinking of moving your current contracts to the blockchain, think of all the thousand little contracts
that you would never agree to simply because they weren’t economically feasible or there was not enough legal
protection..

DAO
Here is just one example: imagine you own a small business with your friends. Lawyers and accountants are
expensive, and trusting a single partner to oversee the books can be a source of tension (even an opportunity for
fraud). Complying strictly with a system in which more than one partner oversees the books can be trying and is
subject to fraud whenever the protocol isn’t followed exactly.
Using a smart contract, ownership in your company and terms for the disbursal of funds can be specified at the
outset. The smart contract can be written such that it is only changeable given the approval of a majority of owners.
Smart contracts like these will likely be available as open source software, so you won’t even need to hire your
own programmer instead of an accountant/lawyer.
A smart contract like this scales instantly. A couple of teenagers can split revenue from a lemonade stand just as
transparently as a sovereign wealth fund can disburse funds to the hundred million citizens who are entitled to it.
In both cases the price of this transparency is likely to be fractions of a penny per dollar.

---

DEVCON-0 

In November 2014, ETH DEV organized the DEVCON-0 event, which brought together Ethereum developers
from around the world to Berlin to meet and discuss a diverse range of Ethereum technology topics. Several

DEVCON-1

The second developers’ conference DEVCON-1 took place in the city of London at the beginning of November
2015.
The presence of large companies like UBS, IBM and Microsoft clearly indicated enterprise interest in the technology.
Microsoft announced that it would offer Ethereum on its new Blockchain as a Service offering on the
Microsoft Azure cloud platform.

Devcon-2
The Ethereum Foundation welcomes Microsoft as the Premiere Sponsor of Devcon2, Shanghai 19-21 September, 2016

---
1.1.6 Community: 

reddit (https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/)
On the right link to list of other r..

The Ethereum subreddit is the most inclusive Ethereum forum, where most of the community discussion is happening
and where core devs are also active. This is your forum of choice for generic discussion of news, media
coverage, announcements, brainstorming. In general all things Ethereum relevant to the wider community.
Strictly no price discussion.
Also, this is not the ideal place to ask for hands-on help or post questions you expect there are clear immediate
answers to (use Gitter Rooms and Stack Exchange for these, respectively).

Stack Exchange (http://ethereum.stackexchange.com/)
The Ethereum Stack Exchange is part of the StackExchange network of Q&A communities. StackExchange is a
free Q&A site where all the questions and answers are preserved for posterity.
This is the best place to ask technical questions. Help your fellow etherians by answering questions and collect
reputation points.

Gitter Rooms (https://gitter.im/orgs/ethereum/rooms)

Gitter is our forum of choice for daily chat. It is the virtual coworking space where devs hang out, so it is where
you can get quick help and a bit of handholding in needed.
Gitter uses Github accounts, offers Github integration (notification of pull requests etc), private channels, provides
markdown formatting, and more.
Most Gitter channels are organised around particular repositories, or generic topics like research or governance.
Please choose the appropriate room and keep discussions on topic.
See the full list of gitter rooms for the Ethereum organisation. Below is the list of active public channels:
• go-ethereum - about geth (and tools related to the go implementation)
• cpp-ethereum - about eth (and tools related to the C++ implementation)
• web3.js - about web3.js, Ethereum JavaScript API library
• Solidity - The Solidity Contract-Oriented Programming Language
• serpent - The Serpent language for contract development
• mist - GUI dapp browser, official wallet app
• light-client - about light client and the LES protocol
• research - Ethereum research
• governance - about dev governance
• whisper - anonymous datagram publishing
• swarm - decentralised content storage and distribution network
• EIPs - discussion of Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs)
• ethereumjs-lib - a JavaScript library of core Ethereum functions
• devp2p - ÐV’s p2p network protocol & framework


Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs)
....

Ethereum forum no longer mantained. 
....


1.1.7 The Ethereum Foundation

https://ethereum.org/foundation
https://ethereum.org/


The Ethereum Foundation is a non-profit organization registered in Switzerland, and has the purpose of managing
the funds that were raised from the Ether Sale in order to best serve the Ethereum and decentralized technology
ecosystem.
Founded July 2014 in Switzerland, Stiftung Ethereum’s mission is the promotion of developments of new technologies
and applications, especially in the fields of new open and decentralized software architectures.
It is the aim that decentralized and open technologies will be developed, nurtured, promoted and maintaine

Official communication from the Ethereum foundation most often comes in the form of a comprehensive blogpost
on the Ethereum blog.

https://blog.ethereum.org/

-----

cpp ethhereum dev moved to 
		https://slock.it/ 


(( a working compiler 
http://ethereum.github.io/browser-solidity/#version=soljson-latest.js


---------------------------------------------------


Hosted blockchain explorers

https://www.ethernodes.org/network/1
https://live.ether.camp/
http://etherscan.io/

Other Resources

https://www.ethernodes.org/network/1    (Geographic distribution of nodes and split by client)
http://www.etherlisten.com/             (Realtime Ethereum transaction visualizer and audializer)



Ethereum network stats:

https://ethstats.net/
https://www.ethernodes.org/network/1
https://etherchain.org/nodes


EtherNodes - Geographic distribution of nodes and split by client


Blockchain explorers.
https://www.etherchain.org/


